Update integration.md (#8917)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/banner_cards/integration.md

{% enddetails %}

## Handling test sends

> Test banners are a way to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. They're stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Test Send feature to verify your Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. Test send banners are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.
```

> Test banners are a way to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. They're stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use test sends to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. Test send banners are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.
```

> Test banners are a way to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. They are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed—-test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test banners are a way to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. They're stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.
```

> Use test sends to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. Test send banners are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.

Reviewer 3: My understanding is that they'll still need somewhere in the app where they've set up the placement ID for the test banner. Should we call that out here?

> Use test sends to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. Test send banners are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use test sends to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. Test Banner Cards are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.
```

{% enddetails %}

## Handling test sends

> Use test sends to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. Test Banner Cards are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, test banners work automatically. However, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use test sends to verify Banner Card integrations before launching a campaign. Test Banner Cards are stored in a separate in-memory cache and do not persist across app restarts. While no extra setup is needed, the device must be able to receive foreground push notifications to display test Banner Cards.
```

Reviewer: i think my comment earlier was lost

{% alert important %}

> A test banner is treated like any other banner except it's removed at the next app session. You must have a placement set up in your app to display the test banner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A test banner is treated like any other banner except it's removed at the next app session. You must have its placement set up in your app for the test banner to display.
```

> A test banner is treated just like any other banner except it is removed the next app session. You must have a placement set up in your app to display the test banner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A test banner is treated like any other banner except it's removed at the next app session. You must have a placement set up in your app to display the test banner.
```

> A test banner is treated just like any other banner except it is removed the next app session. You must have a placement set up in your app to display the test banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A test banner is treated just like any other banner except it is removed the next app session. You must have its placement set up in your app for it to display.
```
